# Docker Image README

## Introduction
This Docker image is designed to run a Python application contained in `main.py`. The application requires input data and outputs results, which can be configured using a `config.yaml` file.

## Usage
To run the Docker image, use the following command:

docker run -v /path/to/config.yaml:/app/ -v /path/to/input_data:/data/input -v /path/to/results:/data/results image_name


Replace `/path/to/config.yaml`, `/path/to/input_data`, and `/path/to/results` with the actual paths on your local system where the `config.yaml` file, input data, and results folder are located, respectively. Also, replace `image_name` with the name of your Docker image.

### Configuration
The parameters of the application can be modified in the `config.yaml` file. Mounting this file into the Docker container allows you to modify the parameters without rebuilding the image. main.py will read from the /app folder in the docker image, thus you need to point your host config file to /app folder. 

### Input Data and Results
Mounting the input data and results folders into the Docker container allows the application to access them. Ensure that the input data is available in the mounted directory, and the results folder is writable. Any outputs generated by the application will be stored in the specified results folder.

## Example
Here's an example command to run the Docker image:


docker run -v /path/to/config.yaml:/app/ -v /data:/data/input -v /results:/data/results my_image


This command mounts the `config.yaml` file, input data from `/data`, and results folder to `/results`. Replace `my_image` with the name of your Docker image.
